I’ve been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You?
For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa 
Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers. 
Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
 Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
 Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
 I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
 It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
 How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a great day
 What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
 Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
 It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
 Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
 Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
 He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
 That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
 I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.